Dashboard specs (#286)
PrestaShop/prestashop-specs: content/1.7/back-office/dashboard/dashboard.md

---
title: Dashboard 
weight: 1
---

# Dashboard

The dashboard is the default homepage of the back office, it gives a summary of the shop's daily activities and main statistics at a glance.
The dashboard is divided into 4 main areas: a horizontal bar, and three columns.

## Demo mode

>  - **Demo mode**: This toggle allows to enable or disable fake data. By default, it is disabled. When enabled,  fake data are used. When disabled, the real store's data are used. The store's data are gathered by PrestaShop's statistics system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Demo mode**: This toggle allows to enable or disable fake data. By default, it is disabled. When enabled, fake data are used. When disabled, the real store's data are used. The store's data are gathered by PrestaShop's statistics system.
```

The following tooltip is displayed: "This mode displays sample data so you can try your dashboard without real numbers."

## Horizontal bar

At the top of the Dashboard, a single bar allows choosing the period of time for the currently displayed dashboard statistics. The following options are available:

 - **Day**: The current day
 - **Month**: The current month
 - **Year**: The current year (selected by default)
 - **Day-1**: The previous day
 - **Month-1**: The previous month
 - **Year-1**: The previous year

> Choosing an option updates all the blocks of content that are on the Dashboard so that they display data for the chosen period of time only. Blocks that are not stats-based do not change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choosing an option updates all the blocks that are on the Dashboard, so they display data for the chosen period of time only. Blocks that are not stats-based do not change.
```

### Date range selection

On the right, a date picker allows selecting a precise date range. By default, the date range depends on which time frame is selected. 

> After the calendar is extended, 2 fields "from" and "to" for date ranges are displayed. In order to choose a period of time, you can either click the first and last date of that period in the calendar or type the dates in the YYYY-MM-DD format in the text boxes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the calendar is extended, 2 fields "from" and "to" for date ranges are displayed. In order to choose a period of time, you can either click the first and last date of that period in the calendar or type the dates in the YYYY-MM-DD format in the fields.
```

Two periods of time can be compared together by checking the "Compare to" box. 
Once checked, the second period can be selected either through the same 2 fields "from" and "to" or through the drop-down allowing to select:
 - Previous period
 - Previous year
 - Custom

If a personalized range is indicated in the "from" and "to" fields, then the option "custom" is automatically selected in the drop-down.

> When comparing two periods, some of the content blocks will update to indicate the evolution of the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When comparing two periods, the blocks on the Dashboard are updated to indicate the evolution of the data.
```

If the selected dates are incorrect, the following error message is displayed: "The selected date range is not valid."

### Call to action

2 buttons are located at the bottom:
 
 - **Cancel** - Closes the tab and keeps the previous selection.

>  - **Apply** - Closes the tab and displays the result for the selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Apply** - Closes the tab and displays the results for the selection.
```

## Columns

> By default there are 8 fields in the dashboard:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> There are 2 columns in the dashboard: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 3 columns in the dashboard: 
```

- the left column: this column presents the data from the Dashboard Activity module

> - the central column: there are three blocks of content in this column, which are handled by modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the central column: there are three blocks in this column, which are handled by modules
```

- the right column: this column presents a "PrestaShop upgrade" block 

## Central column

### Dashboard (Dashboard Trends module)

## Call to action

> On the top right of this field there are 2 buttons:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the top right of this block there are 2 buttons:
```

 - **Visits** - displays the number of visits within the date range. A tooltip is displayed: "Total number of visits within the date range. A visit is the period of time a user is actively engaged with your website.".
 - **Conversion Rate** - displays the conversion rate in percentage. A tooltip is displayed: "Ecommerce Conversion Rate is the percentage of visits that resulted in an validated order.".
 - **Net Profit** - displays the net profit in the default currency tax excluded. A tooltip is displayed: "Net profit is a measure of the profitability of a venture after accounting for all Ecommerce costs. You can provide these costs by clicking on the configuration icon right above here.".

After selecting a tab, the corresponding graphic is displayed. When hovering the graphic with the mouse, the details are displayed.
Additionally, when comparing two time periods, it displays the evolution of each figure in percentages.

## Left column

### Activity overview (Dashboard Activity module)

#### Call to action 

On the top right of this block there are 2 buttons:

>  - **Configure** - when pressed, changes the activity overview to a configuration block with the following field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Configure** - when pressed, changes the activity overview to a configuration block with the following fields:
```

>     - **Active cart** - drop down field with options: 15, 30, 45, 60, 90, 120.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Active cart** - drop down with the following options: 15, 30, 45, 60, 90, 120.
```

Reviewer: Could you specify the option which is selected by default ?

>     - **Online visitors** - drop down field with options: 15, 30, 45, 60, 90, 120.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Online visitors** - drop down with the following options: 15, 30, 45, 60, 90, 120.
```

Reviewer: Could you specify the option which is selected by default ?

>     - **Abandoned cart (min)** - input field measured by "d".

Reviewer: I don't understand what do you mean by "measured by "d"" ?
Could you specify the default value and the tooltip ?

>     - **Abandoned cart (max)** - input field measured by "d".

Reviewer: I don't understand what do you mean by "measured by "d"" ?
Could you specify the default value and the tooltip ?

>     - "Save" button, when pressed - reverts back to the dashboard activity block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - "Save" - When this button is pressed, the configuration is saved and the Dashboard Activity is displayed.
```

 - **Refresh** - refreshes the stats of the Activity Overview block.

Below the following metrics are displayed:

 - **Online visitors**
 - **Active shopping carts**
 - **Currently Pending**

>     - **Orders** - when pressed reditrects to the Orders page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Orders** - when pressed, redirects to the Orders list page.
```

    - **Return/Exchanges** - when pressed, redirects to the Merchandise Returns page.

>     - **Abandoned Carts** - when pressed, redirects to the Shopping Carts page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Abandoned Carts** - when pressed, redirects to the Shopping Carts list page.
```

    - **Out of stock products** - when pressed, redirects to the Monitoring page.
 - **Notifications**
    - **New Messages** - when pressed, redirects to the Customer Service page.

>     - **Product Reviews** - when pressed, redirects to the Configure page.

Reviewer: I don't understand which configure page you are talking? Could you bring more precision?

Author: This is for the Activity overview, firstly the configure button when pressed what is showed, and trhe first view of the fields as well.

Reviewer: See my suggestion, it was not very clear :)

 - **Customers & Newsletters (Displays the time frame which is enabled)**

>     - **New customers** - when pressed, redirects to the Manage your Customers page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **New customers** - when pressed, redirects to the Customers list page.
```

>     - **New subscriptions** - when pressed, redirects to the Stats page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **New subscriptions** - when pressed, redirects to the Stats > Newsletter page.
```

>     - **Total subscribers** - when pressed, redirects to the Configure page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Total subscribers** - when pressed, redirects to the configuration's page of the ps_emailsubscription module
```

 - **Traffic (Displays the time frame which is enabled)**
    - **Link to your Google Analytics account** - when pressed, redirects to the Module manager page.

>     - **Visits** - when pressed, redirects to the Stats page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Visits** - when pressed, redirects to the Stats > Stats dashboard page.
```

>     - **Unique visitors** - when pressed, redirects to the Stats page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Unique visitors** - when pressed, redirects to the Stats > Visits and visitors page.
```

>     - **Traffic Sources** - below shows the sources by which the shop is reached, a circle graph below visualizes the statistics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Traffic Sources** - the sources from which the shop is reached are displayed in a circle graph below the statistics.
```

> ## Lower central column 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### Forecast

Reviewer: Could you move this whole part in ## Central column after the Dashboard block ?

> ### Forecast

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Forecast (Dashboard Goals module)
```

> Displays the year that the forecast is showing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This block presents the goals defined for the coming months, and how the shop is doing as compared to them. When hovering the graphic with the mouse, the details are displayed.
```

#### Call to action

> Firstly 2 buttons are displayed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firstly, 2 buttons to navigate between years are displayed:
```

>  - **Arrow to the left** - when pressed, displays the forecast one year back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Previous arrow** - when pressed, the forecast of the previous year is displayed.
```

>  - **Arrow to the right** - when pressed, displays the forecast one year up front.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Next arrow ** - when pressed, the forecast of the following year is displayed.
```

> On the right of the block there are 2 buttons: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the right of the block, 2 buttons are displayed: 
```

>  - **Configure** - when pressed, the forecast graph turns to exact numbers of: year, traffic, conversion rate, average cart value, sales. Has all the months of the year listed, every month has input field for traffic, conversion rate (measured in percentages), average cart value (measured in default shop currency. And a "Save" button, which when pressed, reverts to the previous dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Configure** - Depending on the monthly results, the user can update his forthcoming goals. When pressed, the forecast graph disappears and a configuration table with the following 5 columns is displayed:
- Months: The 12 months of the year are displayed
- Traffic: The user can update his forthcoming traffic in this field.
- Conversion rate (%): The user can update his forthcoming conversion rate in this field.
- Average cart value (default currency): The user can update his forthcoming average cart value (in the default currency) in this field.
- Sales: This column will be updated according to the goals set in the other columns (for instance, for a 1000 visitors with a 2% conversion rate and a $10 average cart, you would get 1000*(2/100)*10 = $200).
  
    year, traffic, conversion rate, average cart value, sales. Has all the months of the year listed, every month has input field for traffic, conversion rate (measured in percentages), average cart value (measured in default shop currency. And a "Save" button, which when pressed, reverts to the previous dashboard.
```

>  - **Refresh** - refreshes the stats of the Forecast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Refresh** - refreshes the graphic of the Forecast block.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Tabs
```

> Below there are 4 different colors metric buttons that can be pressed to display the wanted graph accordingly below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below, there are 4 tabs that can be pressed to display the wanted graphic:
```

 - **Traffic**

>  - **Convesrion**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Conversion**
```

 - **Average Cart Value**
 - **Sales**

> Below the graph shows graph of data by month and numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## Central column below 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### Products and Sales

Reviewer: Could you move this whole part in ## Central column after the Dashboard block ?

> ### Products and Sales

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Products and Sales (Dashboard Products module)
```

#### Call to action

>  - **Configure** - when pressed the tab changes to a configuration where it's possible to edit the view of the products and sales, 4 fields are displayed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Configure** - The user can set the number of items to display in each by clicking on this button.
When pressed, the stats disappear, and 4 dropdowns are displayed:
```

>    - **Number of "Recent Orders" to display** - drop down field with the options: 5, 10, 20, 50.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Number of "Recent Orders" to display** - drop down with the following options: 5, 10, 20, 50.
```

Reviewer: Could you please specify which option is selected by default ?

>    - **Number of "Best Sellers" to display** - drop down field with the options: 5, 10, 20, 50.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Number of "Best Sellers" to display** - drop down with the following options: 5, 10, 20, 50.
```

Reviewer: Could you please specify which option is selected by default ?

>    - **Number of "Most Viewed" to display** - drop down field with the options: 5, 10, 20, 50.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Number of "Most Viewed" to display** - drop down with the following options: 5, 10, 20, 50.
```

Reviewer: Could you please specify which option is selected by default ?

>    - **Number of "Top Searches" to display** - drop down field with the options: 5, 10, 20, 50.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Number of "Top Searches" to display** - drop down with the following options: 5, 10, 20, 50.
```

Reviewer: Could you please specify which option is selected by default ?

>    - "Save", when pressed, reverts to the previous product and sales dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - "Save" -  When this button is pressed, the configuration is saved and the product and sales stats are displayed.
```

>  - **Refresh** - refreshes the stats of the Products and Sales.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Refresh** - refreshes the stats of the Products and Sales block.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Tabs
```

> Below there are 4 buttons that can be chosen:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4 tabs can be selected:
```

>  - **Recent orders** - when this option is selected, below the last 10 orders are displayed. Options displayed with this selection. Also every order has a search button at the right side of every field, when pressed redirects to the order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Recent orders** - when this tab is selected, the last X orders are displayed (according to the number of Recent Orders to display selected in the configuration of this block). A search button at the right side of every line is displayed. When pressed, the order detail page of this order is displayed.
```

Reviewer: Could you please specify the 5 columns displayed (customer name, products, total, date, status) ?

>     - **Customer name** - when pressed on a customers name, will redirect to the page - Manage your Customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Customer name** - After clicking on the name, the customer's view page is displayed.
```

    - **Products** 
    - **Total Tax excl.**
    - **Date**

>     - **Status**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Status**
    - A search button at the right of every line is displayed. When pressed, the order detail page of this order is displayed.
```

>  - **Best sellers**

Reviewer: I let you complete this part

>  - **Most viewed** - when this option is selected, by default it will show a message: "You must enable the "Save global page views" option from the "Data mining for statistics" module in order to display the most viewed products, or use the Google Analytics module."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Most viewed** - when this tab is selected and if the "Save global page views" option from the "Data mining for statistics" module is disabled, the following message is displayed: "You must enable the "Save global page views" option from the "Data mining for statistics" module in order to display the most viewed products, or use the Google Analytics module."
```

Reviewer: Could you specify the columns of this table (image, product, category, total sold, sales, net profit) ?

>  - **Top searches**

Reviewer: I let you complete this part

> Below there is a button: "Add more dashboard modules", when pressed, redirects to a new page, the marketplace for modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: I removed this part because it will be removed in the V8

 - Previous period
 - Previous year
 - Custom

If a personalized range is indicated in the "from" and "to" fields, then the option "custom" is automatically selected in the drop-down.

When comparing two periods, the blocks on the Dashboard are updated to indicate the evolution of the data.

If the selected dates are incorrect, the following error message is displayed: "The selected date range is not valid."

### Call to action

2 buttons are located at the bottom:
 
 - **Cancel** - Closes the tab and keeps the previous selection.
 - **Apply** - Closes the tab and displays the results for the selection.

## Columns

There are 3 columns in the dashboard: 

- the left column: this column presents the data from the Dashboard Activity module
- the central column: there are three blocks in this column, which are handled by modules
- the right column: this column presents a "PrestaShop upgrade" block 

## Central column

### Forecast (Dashboard Goals module)

This block presents the goals defined for the coming months, and how the shop is doing as compared to them. When hovering the graphic with the mouse, the details are displayed.

> ### Call to action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Call to action
```

Firstly, 2 buttons to navigate between years are displayed:
     
 - **Previous arrow** - when pressed, the forecast of the previous year is displayed.

>  - **Next arrow ** - when pressed, the forecast of the following year is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Next arrow** - when pressed, the forecast of the following year is displayed.
```

On the right of the block, 2 buttons are displayed: 

 - **Configure** - Depending on the monthly results, the user can update his forthcoming goals by clicking on this button. When pressed, the forecast graph disappears and a configuration table with the following 5 columns is displayed:
- Months: The 12 months of the year are displayed
- Traffic: The user can update his forthcoming traffic in this field.
- Conversion rate (%): The user can update his forthcoming conversion rate in this field.
- Average cart value (default currency): The user can update his forthcoming average cart value (in the default currency) in this field.
- Sales: This column will be updated according to the goals set in the other columns (for instance, for a 1000 visitors with a 2% conversion rate and a $10 average cart, you would get 1000*(2/100)*10 = $200).
  

>     year, traffic, conversion rate, average cart value, sales. Has all the months of the year listed, every month has input field for traffic, conversion rate (measured in percentages), average cart value (measured in default shop currency. And a "Save" button, which when pressed, reverts to the previous dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Save** -  When this button is pressed, the configuration is saved and the forecast stats are displayed.
```

 - **Refresh** - refreshes the graphic of the Forecast block.

#### Tabs

4 tabs that can be selected to display the wanted graphic:

 - **Traffic**
 - **Conversion**
 - **Average Cart Value**
 - **Sales**

### Dashboard (Dashboard Trends module)

> ### Call to action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Call to action
```

 - **Visits** - displays the number of visits within the date range. A tooltip is displayed: "Total number of visits within the date range. A visit is the period of time a user is actively engaged with your website.".
 - **Conversion Rate** - displays the conversion rate in percentage. A tooltip is displayed: "Ecommerce Conversion Rate is the percentage of visits that resulted in an validated order.".
 - **Net Profit** - displays the net profit in the default currency tax excluded. A tooltip is displayed: "Net profit is a measure of the profitability of a venture after accounting for all Ecommerce costs. You can provide these costs by clicking on the configuration icon right above here.".

After selecting a tab, the corresponding graphic is displayed. When hovering the graphic with the mouse, the details are displayed.
Additionally, when comparing two time periods, it displays the evolution of each figure in percentages.

### Products and Sales (Dashboard Products module)

This block presents a table of the latest orders and a ranking of the products: bestsellers, most viewed, and top searches (as searched in the shop's search form, not from search engines).

> ### Call to action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Call to action
```

   - **Configure** - The user can set the number of items to display in each by clicking on this button.
When pressed, the stats disappear, and 4 dropdowns are displayed:
   - **Number of "Recent Orders" to display** - drop down with the following options: 5, 10, 20, 50. By default the number is set to 10.
   - **Number of "Best Sellers" to display** - drop down with the following options: 5, 10, 20, 50. By default the number is set to 10.
   - **Number of "Most Viewed" to display** - drop down with the following options: 5, 10, 20, 50. By default the number is set to 10.
   - **Number of "Top Searches" to display** - drop down with the following options: 5, 10, 20, 50. By default the number is set to 10.

>    - "Save" -  When this button is pressed, the configuration is saved and the product and sales stats are displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

   - **Save* -  When this button is pressed, the configuration is saved and the product and sales stats are displayed.
```

   - **Refresh** - refreshes the stats of the Products and Sales block.

#### Tabs

4 tabs can be selected:

 - **Recent orders** - when this tab is selected, a table with the last X orders is displayed (X depends to the number of Recent Orders to display selected in the configuration of this block).
 
In this table, the following columns are displayed:
    - **Customer name** - After clicking on the name, the customer's view page is displayed.

>     - **Products** 

Reviewer: It displays the number of products in the order

>     - **Total Tax excl.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Total Tax excl.** of the order
```

>     - **Date**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Date** of the order
```

>     - **Status**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Status** of the order
```

    - A search button at the right of every line is displayed. When pressed, the order detail page of this order is displayed.
   

>  - **Best sellers** - following tables are below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Best sellers** - - when this tab is selected, a table with the following columns are displayed:
```

    - **Image**
    - **Product** 
    - **Category** 
    - **Total sold**
    - **Sales**
    - **Net profit**
 

>  - **Most viewed** - when this tab is selected and if the "Save global page views" option from the "Data mining for statistics" module is disabled, the following message is displayed: "You must enable the "Save global page views" option from the "Data mining for statistics" module in order to display the most viewed products, or use the Google Analytics module."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Most viewed** - when this tab is selected and if the "Save global page views" option from the "Data mining for statistics" module is disabled, the following message is displayed: "You must enable the "Save global page views" option from the "Data mining for statistics" module in order to display the most viewed products, or use the Google Analytics module."
 
 The following columns are displayed:
```

>     - **Image** - Displays the image of the product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Image** - The image of the product is displayed.
```

>     - **Product** - Displays the product's name and price.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Product** - The product's name and price is displayed.
```

>     - **Views* - Displays the number of views that the product has.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Views** - Displays the number of views that the product has.
```

>     - **Added to cart** - Displays the time that the product was added to a cart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Added to cart** - The number of times the product has been added to the cart is displayed.
```

>     - **Purchased** - Displays the times that the product was purchased.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Purchased** - The number of times the product has been purchased is displayed.
```

>     - **Percentage** - Displays the percetange of how many times the product was bought.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Percentage** - The percentage of how many times the product was bought is displayed.
```

>  - **Top searches** - displays a table with the top searched keywords.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Top searches** - when this tab is selected, a table with the following columns are displayed:
```

 
    - **Term**
    - **Search**
    - **Results**

## Left column

### Activity overview (Dashboard Activity module)

> ### Call to action 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Call to action 
```

On the top right of this block there are 2 buttons:

>  - **Configure** - when pressed, changes the activity overview to a configuration block with the following fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Configure** - when pressed, the activity overview is changed to a configuration block with the following parameters:
```

Additionally, when comparing two time periods, it displays the evolution of each figure in percentages.

### Products and Sales (Dashboard Products module)

This block presents a table of the latest orders and a ranking of the products: bestsellers, most viewed, and top searches (as searched in the shop's search form, not from search engines).

#### Call to action

   - **Configure** - The user can set the number of items to display in each by clicking on this button.
When pressed, the stats disappear, and 4 dropdowns are displayed:
   - **Number of "Recent Orders" to display** - drop down with the following options: 5, 10, 20, 50. By default the number is set to 10.
   - **Number of "Best Sellers" to display** - drop down with the following options: 5, 10, 20, 50. By default the number is set to 10.
   - **Number of "Most Viewed" to display** - drop down with the following options: 5, 10, 20, 50. By default the number is set to 10.
   - **Number of "Top Searches" to display** - drop down with the following options: 5, 10, 20, 50. By default the number is set to 10.

>    - **Save** -  When this button is pressed, the configuration is saved and the product and sales stats are displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

   - **Save** -  When this button is pressed, the configuration is saved and the product and sales stats are displayed.
```

   - **Refresh** - refreshes the stats of the Products and Sales block.

#### Tabs

4 tabs can be selected:

 - **Recent orders** - when this tab is selected, a table with the last X orders is displayed (X depends to the number of Recent Orders to display selected in the configuration of this block).
 
In this table, the following columns are displayed:
    - **Customer name** - After clicking on the name, the customer's view page is displayed.

>     - **Products** - Displays the number of produ

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Products** - Displays the number of products of the order
```

    - **Image**
    - **Product** 
    - **Category** 
    - **Total sold**
    - **Sales**
    - **Net profit**
 
 - **Most viewed** - when this tab is selected and if the "Save global page views" option from the "Data mining for statistics" module is disabled, the following message is displayed: "You must enable the "Save global page views" option from the "Data mining for statistics" module in order to display the most viewed products, or use the Google Analytics module."
 
 The following columns are displayed:
 
    - **Image** - The image of the product is displayed.
    - **Product** - The product's name and price is displayed.
    - **Views** - The number of times the product has been viewed is displayed.
    - **Added to cart** - The number of times the product has been added to the cart is displayed.
    - **Purchased** - The number of times the product has been purchased is displayed.
    - **Percentage** - The percentage of how many times the product was bought is displayed.

 - **Top searches** - when this tab is selected, a table with the following columns are displayed:
 
    - **Term**
    - **Search**
    - **Results**

## Left column

> ### Activity overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Activity overview (Dashboard Activity module)
```

    - **Abandoned cart (min)** - input field measured by "hrs". By default it is set to 24 mins. The tooltip displays: "How long (in hours) after the last action a cart is to be considered as abandoned (default: 24 hrs)."
    - **Abandoned cart (max)** - input field measured by "hrs". By default it is set to 48 hours. The tooltip displays: "How long (in hours) after the last action a cart is no longer to be considered as abandoned (default: 24 hrs)."
    - "Save" - When this button is pressed, the configuration is saved and the Dashboard Activity is displayed.
 - **Refresh** - refreshes the stats of the Activity Overview block.

Below in a table, these shop parameters are listed below:

 - **Online visitors**
 - **Active shopping carts**
 - **Currently Pending**
    - **Orders** - when pressed, redirects to the Orders list page.
    - **Return/Exchanges** - when pressed, redirects to the Merchandise Returns page.
    - **Abandoned Carts** - when pressed, redirects to the Shopping Carts list page.
    - **Out of stock products** - when pressed, redirects to the Monitoring page.
    
 - **Notifications**
    - **New Messages** - when pressed, redirects to the Customer Service page.

>     - **Product Reviews** - when pressed, redirects to the Configure page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Product Reviews** - when pressed, redirects to the Configuration page of the product comments module
```

>     - **Product Reviews** - when pressed, redirects to the Configuration page of the product comments module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Product Reviews** - It's displayed only if the module product comments is installed and enabled. When pressed, redirects to the Configuration page of the product comments module
```
